gh-137627: Make `csv.Sniffer.sniff()` delimiter detection 1.6x faster (#137628)
python/cpython: Doc/whatsnew/3.15.rst

Improved modules
================

csv
---

* The :meth:`csv.Sniffer.sniff` delimiter detection has been optimized,
  and is now up to 1.5x faster.
  (Contributed by Maurycy Pawłowski-Wieroński in :gh:`137628`.)

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  and is now up to 1.5x faster.
  (Contributed by Maurycy Pawłowski-Wieroński in :gh:`137628`.)

```

Don't we have an Optimization section where you could move that change?

Optimizations
=============

csv
---

* The :meth:`csv.Sniffer.sniff` delimiter detection has been optimized,

>   and is now up to 1.6x faster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* :meth:`csv.Sniffer.sniff` delimiter detection is now up to 1.6x faster.
```
